com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/preference/LivePreviewPreferenceFragment.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.preference.LivePreviewPreferenceFragment
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/VisionImageProcessor.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.VisionImageProcessor
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/classification_KNN_RepCounter/PoseClassifier.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.classification_KNN_RepCounter.PoseClassifier
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/ScreenFaceDistance.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.ScreenFaceDistance
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/FrameMetadata.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.FrameMetadata
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.FrameMetadata$1
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.FrameMetadata$Builder
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/CameraImageGraphic.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraImageGraphic
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/InferenceInfoGraphic.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.InferenceInfoGraphic
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/classification_KNN_RepCounter/PoseSampleReadCSV.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.classification_KNN_RepCounter.PoseSampleReadCSV
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/classification_KNN_RepCounter/ClassificationResult.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.classification_KNN_RepCounter.ClassificationResult
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/CheckShaking.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.CheckShaking
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/preference/SettingsActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.preference.SettingsActivity
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.preference.SettingsActivity$LaunchSource
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/classification_KNN_RepCounter/PoseEmbedding.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.classification_KNN_RepCounter.PoseEmbedding
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/CameraSourcePreview.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSourcePreview
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSourcePreview$1
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSourcePreview$SurfaceCallback
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/VisionProcessorBase.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.VisionProcessorBase
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.VisionProcessorBase$1
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/classification_KNN_RepCounter/RepetitionCounter.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.classification_KNN_RepCounter.RepetitionCounter
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/preference/PreferenceUtils.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.preference.PreferenceUtils
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/classification_KNN_RepCounter/EMASmoothing.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.classification_KNN_RepCounter.EMASmoothing
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/BitmapUtils.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.BitmapUtils
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/BuildConfig.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.BuildConfig
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/classification_KNN_RepCounter/Utils.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.classification_KNN_RepCounter.Utils
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/PoseGraphic.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.PoseGraphic
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/GraphicOverlay.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.GraphicOverlay
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/CameraSource.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSource
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSource$1
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSource$CameraPreviewCallback
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSource$FrameProcessingRunnable
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSource$SizePair
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/ScopedExecutor.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.ScopedExecutor
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/classification_KNN_RepCounter/PoseClassifierProcessor.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.classification_KNN_RepCounter.PoseClassifierProcessor
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/ChooserActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.ChooserActivity
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.ChooserActivity$1
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/PoseDetectorProcessor.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.PoseDetectorProcessor
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.PoseDetectorProcessor$PoseWithClassification
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/LivePreviewActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.LivePreviewActivity
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/PoseClassificationProcessor.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.PoseClassificationProcessor
